She did not cheat on the test, for it was the wrong thing to do.
I really need to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
They had no ice cream left at home, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I thought the promotion was mine, but my attendance wasn't good enough.
Should we start class now, or wait for everyone to get here?
It was getting dark, and we weren't near the cabin yet.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He didn't want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.

Complex sentences:

Because my coffee was too cold, I heated it in the microwave.
Although he was wealthy, he was still unhappy.
She returned the computer after she noticed it was damaged.
Whenever prices goes up, customers buy less products.
Because I had to catch the train, and as we were short on time, I forgot to pack my toothbrush for our vacation.
As she was bright and ambitious, she became a manager in no time.
Wherever you go, you can always find beauty.
Evergreen trees are a symbol of fertility because they do not die in the winter.
Although it was very long, the movie was still enjoyable.
You should take your car in for a service because it's starting to make weird noises.
The actor was happy he got a part in a movie even though the part was small.
After the tornado hit, there was very little left standing.
The museum was very interesting, as I expected.
Now that he's rich and famous, people make allowances for his idiosyncrasies.
Even though he's thoroughly trained, he still makes a lot of mistakes.
Since winter is coming, I think I'll knit a warm sweater, because I'm always cold.
When she was younger, she believed in fairy tales.
I have to save this coupon in case I come back to the store tomorrow.
Let's go back to Chez Nous because it's where we had our first date.
Although my friends begged me, I chose not to go to the reunion.
As genes change over time, evolution progresses.
I really didn't like the movie even though the acting was good.
When he got a creampie smashed in his face, everyone laughed.
After being apart for years, he still had feelings for her.